---
description: We are a startup studio located in the heart of Bangalore city.
dateModified: '2016-06-06T13:01:41.715Z'
datePublished: '2016-06-06T13:02:58.777Z'
title: About us
author: []
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-06-06-about-us.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
<article style=""><h1>About us</h1></article>

We are a startup studio located in the heart of Bangalore city.

Our Mission is to help start-ups grow by supporting the entrepreneurs behind them.

We partner with founders to create innovative products and services, and assemble teams to grow tomorrows companies. We work on just a limited number of projects at one time but are always looking for businesses that will improve people's lives.

**Why work with us:**

-\> Access to multiple state of the art co-working spaces across Bangalore city

-\> Advertising exposure to multiple prime real estate locations across the city with over 100,000 footfall daily

-\> Mentorship

-\> Seed and strategic early stage growth funding

-\> Access to our team of experts in areas such as social media marketing, legal support, software engineering and design.

Our team works with a small number of daring founders to build legendary companies. We back people not companies and support our entrepreneurs through all the obstacles they face as they strive to grow as they scale their ideas from concept to execution. We love ideas that redefine what's possible. In partnering with us, companies benefit from our unmatched community and the lessons we've learned over 75 years working with the most prominent business people in Bangalore city and our core expertise in leveraging technology in building and scaling over a dozen businesses in sectors as diverse as Hospitality, Travel and Tourism, Real Estate, Education, Non Profit, Retail, Human Resourcing, Logistics & Warehousing.

  
**Who we are:**